src/pages/markdown/tos.md, before:

---
published: true
path: '/tos/'
lastUpdatedAt: 'Aug 12th, 2019'
title: 'Terms and Conditions'
metaTitle: 'ORY Terms and Conditions'
metaDescription: 'Read the Terms and Conditions.'
---

The terms and conditions outlined below (the “Terms of Service”) constitute a contract between you and ORY Corp (“ORY”, “us”, “we”), a Pennsylvania State company, and govern your access to and use of the ory.sh and related sub-domains (collectively known as the "Website"). You agree to the Terms of Service by using or accessing the Website. Please note that we do not provide warranties for the Website. The Terms of Service also limits our liability. 

Unless otherwise stated, the contents of the Website including, but not limited to, the text and images contained herein and their arrangement are the property of ORY. All trademarks used or referred to in this Website are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained in the Website shall be construed as conferring by implication or otherwise, any license or right to any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of ORY or any third party. 

These Terms of Service can be changed at any time without any notice to you. The most current version of these Terms of Services can be found and reviewed by clicking on the “terms of service” hyperlink on the Website. 

## Use of the Website 
In using the Website you may not engage in, facilitate or further unlawful conduct. You may not use the Website in a way that harms us or our affiliates, or customers, or use any portion of the Website as a destination linked from any unsolicited bulk messages or unsolicited commercial messages ("spam"). You may not use any automated process or service to access and/or use the Website or use any unauthorized means to modify or reroute, or attempt to modify or reroute, the Website. You may not damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Website (or the network(s) connected to the Website) or interfere with anyone's use and enjoyment of the Website. 

## Account and Password 
If your use of the Website requires you to open an account, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete, and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form. You may have to choose a password and a user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and any other non-public account information. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify ORY immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. ORY will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your user name, password, or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by ORY or another party due to someone else using your user name, password, or account. 

## Content and Information 
You alone are responsible for the content (Your Content) you submit to the Service. You assume all risks associated with Your Content, its accuracy, completeness or usefulness, or any disclosure by you of information in Your Content that makes you personally identifiable. You represent that you own, or have the necessary permissions to use, and authorize the use of, Your Content. 

You may expose yourself to liability if, for example, Your Content violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; contains material that is false, intentionally misleading, or defamatory; contains material that is unlawful, including illegal hate speech or pornography; exploits or otherwise harms minors; or violates or advocates the violation of any law or regulation. 

ORY reserves the right to remove or reinstate a user and other content from time to time at its sole discretion. For example, ORY may remove user content (e.g. a comment) if it violates these Terms of Service. ORY has no obligation to retain or provide copies of Your Content, nor does ORY guarantee any confidentiality with respect to Your Content. 

The content and information provided on the Website is in most cases free of charge and for informational purposes only, and does not create a business or professional services relationship between you and ORY. Links on the Website may lead to services or sites not operated by ORY. No judgment or warranty is made with respect to such other services or sites and ORY takes no responsibility for such other sites or services. A link to another site or service is not an endorsement of that site or service. Any use you make of the information provided on the Website, or any site or service linked to by the Website, is at your own risk. 

You acknowledge that the Website may contain content, information, software, photos, video, text, graphics, music, sounds or other material (collectively the “Content”) that are protected by copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereafter developed. 

Modification of the Content or use of the Content for any other purpose, including use of any such Content on any other web site or networked computer environment is strictly prohibited. Except as otherwise expressly authorized in writing in advance by us, you agree not to reproduce, redistribute, sell, modify, rent, lease, loan, adapt, translate, create derivative works based (whether in whole or in part) on, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce all or any part of the Website, including the Content. 

## Privacy 
In order to operate and provide the Service, we collect certain information about you. We use and protect that information as described in our Privacy Policy. 

## No Warranties 
ORY provides the Service as-is, with all faults and as available with no guarantee to the accuracy or timeliness of information available from the Website. ORY gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions and exclude any implied warranties. 

## Hold Harmless 
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sprizzl, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, successors and assigns from any and all third party claims, liability, damages, costs or demands, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees, arising from (i) your use of the Service, including, but not limited to, all content therein and any products or services obtained by you through the Service, (ii) the violation of these Terms of Service by you, (iii) the infringement by you (or other user of the Service using your account) of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity; or (iv) your violation of any applicable law or regulation. 

## Limited Liability 
You expressly agree that ORY shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, use, data or other intangibles, even if ORY has been advised of the possibility of such damages, resulting from the (i) use or the inability to use the service; (ii) cost of procurement of substitute goods and services; (iii) any goods or services purchased or obtained or content received or transactions entered into with ORY or a third party through the use of the service; (iv) inaccuracy of any information obtained from use of the service or reliance on such information; or (v) unauthorized access to your account or alteration of your account or data. You specifically agree that ORY is not responsible or liable to you or anyone else for any unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable conduct or speech of any other party on or through the service, or for any infringement or violation of your rights by any other party, including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, rights of publicity, or rights of privacy. 

## Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Website is controlled and operated by ORY on servers located across the world, including in the United States and the European Union. ORY does not represent or warrant that the Website or any part thereof is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction.  Those who choose to access the Website do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. ORY may limit the Website's availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and at our sole discretion.

These Terms of Service do not, and shall not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and ORY. These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Pennsylvania State, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Pennsylvania State and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action and you waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.

Commit message:

Update terms of service date and description
Update terms of service date to reflect the correct last update month day and year and update the title of the page from terms and conditions to terms of service

src/pages/markdown/tos.md, after:

---
published: true
path: '/tos/'
lastUpdatedAt: 'Jun 5th, 2020'
title: 'Terms of Service'
metaTitle: 'ORY Terms of Service'
metaDescription: 'Read the Terms of Service.'
---

The terms and conditions outlined below (the “Terms of Service”) constitute a contract between you and ORY Corp (“ORY”, “us”, “we”), a Pennsylvania State company, and govern your access to and use of the ory.sh and related sub-domains (collectively known as the "Website"). You agree to the Terms of Service by using or accessing the Website. Please note that we do not provide warranties for the Website. The Terms of Service also limits our liability. 

Unless otherwise stated, the contents of the Website including, but not limited to, the text and images contained herein and their arrangement are the property of ORY. All trademarks used or referred to in this Website are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained in the Website shall be construed as conferring by implication or otherwise, any license or right to any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of ORY or any third party. 

These Terms of Service can be changed at any time without any notice to you. The most current version of these Terms of Services can be found and reviewed by clicking on the “terms of service” hyperlink on the Website. 

## Use of the Website 
In using the Website you may not engage in, facilitate or further unlawful conduct. You may not use the Website in a way that harms us or our affiliates, or customers, or use any portion of the Website as a destination linked from any unsolicited bulk messages or unsolicited commercial messages ("spam"). You may not use any automated process or service to access and/or use the Website or use any unauthorized means to modify or reroute, or attempt to modify or reroute, the Website. You may not damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Website (or the network(s) connected to the Website) or interfere with anyone's use and enjoyment of the Website. 

## Account and Password 
If your use of the Website requires you to open an account, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete, and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form. You may have to choose a password and a user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and any other non-public account information. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify ORY immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. ORY will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your user name, password, or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by ORY or another party due to someone else using your user name, password, or account. 

## Content and Information 
You alone are responsible for the content (Your Content) you submit to the Service. You assume all risks associated with Your Content, its accuracy, completeness or usefulness, or any disclosure by you of information in Your Content that makes you personally identifiable. You represent that you own, or have the necessary permissions to use, and authorize the use of, Your Content. 

You may expose yourself to liability if, for example, Your Content violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; contains material that is false, intentionally misleading, or defamatory; contains material that is unlawful, including illegal hate speech or pornography; exploits or otherwise harms minors; or violates or advocates the violation of any law or regulation. 

ORY reserves the right to remove or reinstate a user and other content from time to time at its sole discretion. For example, ORY may remove user content (e.g. a comment) if it violates these Terms of Service. ORY has no obligation to retain or provide copies of Your Content, nor does ORY guarantee any confidentiality with respect to Your Content. 

The content and information provided on the Website is in most cases free of charge and for informational purposes only, and does not create a business or professional services relationship between you and ORY. Links on the Website may lead to services or sites not operated by ORY. No judgment or warranty is made with respect to such other services or sites and ORY takes no responsibility for such other sites or services. A link to another site or service is not an endorsement of that site or service. Any use you make of the information provided on the Website, or any site or service linked to by the Website, is at your own risk. 

You acknowledge that the Website may contain content, information, software, photos, video, text, graphics, music, sounds or other material (collectively the “Content”) that are protected by copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereafter developed. 

Modification of the Content or use of the Content for any other purpose, including use of any such Content on any other web site or networked computer environment is strictly prohibited. Except as otherwise expressly authorized in writing in advance by us, you agree not to reproduce, redistribute, sell, modify, rent, lease, loan, adapt, translate, create derivative works based (whether in whole or in part) on, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce all or any part of the Website, including the Content. 

## Privacy 
In order to operate and provide the Service, we collect certain information about you. We use and protect that information as described in our Privacy Policy. 

## No Warranties 
ORY provides the Service as-is, with all faults and as available with no guarantee to the accuracy or timeliness of information available from the Website. ORY gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions and exclude any implied warranties. 

## Hold Harmless 
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sprizzl, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, successors and assigns from any and all third party claims, liability, damages, costs or demands, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees, arising from (i) your use of the Service, including, but not limited to, all content therein and any products or services obtained by you through the Service, (ii) the violation of these Terms of Service by you, (iii) the infringement by you (or other user of the Service using your account) of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity; or (iv) your violation of any applicable law or regulation. 

## Limited Liability 
You expressly agree that ORY shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, use, data or other intangibles, even if ORY has been advised of the possibility of such damages, resulting from the (i) use or the inability to use the service; (ii) cost of procurement of substitute goods and services; (iii) any goods or services purchased or obtained or content received or transactions entered into with ORY or a third party through the use of the service; (iv) inaccuracy of any information obtained from use of the service or reliance on such information; or (v) unauthorized access to your account or alteration of your account or data. You specifically agree that ORY is not responsible or liable to you or anyone else for any unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable conduct or speech of any other party on or through the service, or for any infringement or violation of your rights by any other party, including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, rights of publicity, or rights of privacy. 

## Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Website is controlled and operated by ORY on servers located across the world, including in the United States and the European Union. ORY does not represent or warrant that the Website or any part thereof is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction.  Those who choose to access the Website do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. ORY may limit the Website's availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and at our sole discretion.

These Terms of Service do not, and shall not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and ORY. These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Pennsylvania State, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Pennsylvania State and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action and you waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
